the United Nations has warned it will be
impossible for around a million
Palestinians to leave Northern Gaza by
midnight after Israel told them to move
for their own safety the order comes
ahead of an expected Israeli ground
offensive the main UN agency in the Gaza
Strip called the order horrendous and
warned that Gaza was becoming a hellhole
on the brink of collapse the World
Health Organization appealed to Israel
to immediately resend the order saying
unimaginable human suffering is now
unfolding well Israel has been dropping
leaflets from the air into Northern Gaza
telling people to leave Hamas has
dismissed the Israeli order as
psychological
warfare well Israel has deployed tanks
on gaza's boundaries in a statement
released after a sixth night of air
strikes the Israeli Defense Forces
accused Hamas of using civilians as
human
Shields there's tension too on Israel's
border with Lebanon after a meeting with
Iran's foreign Ministry the deputy head
of the powerful Lebanese militant group
Hezbollah rejected cause to keep out of
the conflict in Gaza saying the group is
fully prepared and ready to enter the
war against Israel when the time
comes well these are the live pictures
from Gaza we have seen Rockets being
fired out of the Gaza Strip through the
course of today already but it is pretty
quiet as those Israeli air strikes
continue intermittently let me show you
the pictures though from rala from the
West Bank because disturbances there and
you can see some of the live pictures
coming into us uh still people there on
the streets and we had those reports
earlier that Israeli forces had killed
four Palestinians so those just some of
the latest pictures coming into us let's
bring you the very latest details from
our correspondent On The Ground Tom
bitman some civilians are heading south
from Gaza City already suffering a
humanitarian disaster they're on the
move after the Israeli Army gave 1.1
million people 24 hours to flee their
homes everything is threatened says ham
how long will this go on there are no
more houses the whole area is destroyed
she says with Gaza under an Israeli
Siege the military's message is all
that's getting in dropped by leaflet
telling civilians to move for their
protection after it says Hamas waged war
on
Israel the armed group is calling it
psychological warfare telling people not
to heed it such a massive uation in 24
hours is impossible it would cause chaos
and Aid groups say it could have
devastating consequences the forcible re
relocation of civilians like this with a
24hour notice is is Crystal Clear
violations of of of international uh law
uh we will uh we have reports from our
people on the ground that the Panic the
chaos in an already traumatized
population that is on and bombardment
like no other is is
Limitless the Israeli bombardment
continued into the morning people won't
ple for their own lives when there are
still the lives of others to save with
many more dead and power to life saving
facilities for the survivors running
out the wounded are still being brought
into already packed hospitals which are
dangerously low on generator fuel and
medsin Israel has said it won't lift its
block on supplies until its hostages are
freed by
Hamas and with daylight came more rocket
fire from Gaza in into Israel and the
relatives of Israel's dead and missing
are still Desperately Seeking
information an at grandfather was killed
her grandmother taken hostage like
others she now fears for their fate amid
the intensifying fighting the US defense
secretary Lloyd Austin arrived vowing
his full backing for Israel and he met
the Israeli defense minister our
neighbors is Hamas the Isis of
Gaza an organization
enjoying the Iranian
payroll I cannot let the world
forget the brutal attacks Hamas
terrorists
conduct against Israeli children Israeli
women Israeli elderly and entire
families Washington wants to stop this
war from spreading from engulfing The
Wider region but Israel's attempts to
push a million pal Palestinian South in
Gaza also risks greater instability and
that is because it puts them closer to
the border with neighboring Egypt and
the Egyptians have made it clear they
won't accept
refugees there are many ways this crisis
can now slip much further out of control
and the Israeli tanks are still lining
up on gaza's
Perimeter